# Pyrite64

## WARNING:
**This Project is still not ready for general use!**

The source code has been released since it was used and largely developed for a gamejam.
However, the process of setting up the editor and support for windows/macos is still WIP.
Documentation is also missing.

Once that is done, a proper release will be made.<br>
Sorry!

Below are basic build instructions for now:

## Build

After checking the repo out, make sure to also fetch all the submodules:

`git submodule update --init --recursive`

Then to build the project, first create a build directory for it,<br>
then go into that directory and setup CMake:

```sh
mkdir build && cd build
cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -G Ninja
```

After than, and for every subsequent build, run:
```sh
cmake --build . --parallel 8
```

Once finished, a program called `p64editor` should be placed in the root directory of the repo.
The program itself can be placed anywhere on the system, however the `./data` directory must stay next to it.

To open the editor simply execute `./p64editor`.

(@TODO: provide pre-builds for windows/macos/linux)

### Toolchains

(@TODO: auto build/install those lazily on first projectbuild)

Next install libdragon and tiny3d, the two projects are already included in `/vendored` as git submodules.
Inside libdragon run:
```sh
./build.sh
```
For tiny3d, also run:
```sh
./build.sh
```

## Credits & License
© 2025-2026 - Max Bebök (HailToDodongo)<br>

Pyrite64 is licensed under the MIT License, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.

Licenses for external libraries used in the editor can be found in their respective directory under `/vendored`

Pyrite64 does NOT enforce any restrictions or licenses on games made with it.<br>
Pyrite64 does NOT claim any copyright or enforce licenses for assets / source-code generated by the editor.

While not required, please consider crediting Pyrite64 with a logo and/or name in your credits and/or boot logo sequence.